hello good nights days later I
delight welcome to another adn video
x and ok today's topic is about downloading
pokemon emerald super k i am
climbing just in half for one to
when I upload the video already although
be complete ok
I will show you how
and so
I love
if he wins the problem returns that and the
look but if you call other companies
it also leaves us you can leave little
many others in actions like these
are I recommend that you do not have it
they fight against him but not because you have
a lower level some of you
He is also afraid
in mind
with his son
and this bit can reach you
then I'm sure if even in
way with more with this
they sat down I think so because I think
that even in the hope of improving
improved because I think if we continue to
a dog for you and you think it's raisins
against your decision
ok using this here you can know what
do today in gas or gas them point using
for here we can find all the
legendary types that are from the
first to the third song
poor
another thing to clear is mobility there
more spaces to go here
a little
touch this bridge
I can take it as a secret
from the other side
yes
and also on the street
this little bird
has 13 equal
use making the order in a little bit the
medium we see a book at the time of
left we see Larvik at a time of
the right we see singapore those
are the three main ones that help us
to eat our mind because and the
three have that emt that I told them that
it's raining
and will serve more and also
recommends boiling because because
will help a lot in their battles of
gym or here we have with the judge good
they reopen it, sorry, because I do not know
and expedited very well
how
this
here we go
good
to help you
some air
life
with red his face
m
any serene nature that can
be very useful also for strength and
all that
good, there are more things ahead
although they are commented with and until the
next friends